Launched at a price of ₹1000000,
realme3 is available around Rs. 1000000 and
if the on paper specs are seen in that pricing, then it
becomes the best value for money smartphone as well but overall what
kind of phone is it, what are the bugs, how is the battery,
I have been testing it for a long time
so that I can tell you all the details, but
one thing I will definitely say is that
₹2500000
and 128GB will not last you more than two-three months in today's time
and the faster
your memory gets filled, the
more your phone's storage will slow down, so
you may face some problem there, but
apart from that, let's talk about the build and design,
look, I have this
color in the back which comes with a slightly metallic finish, it
gives such a feel, but overall
this back is plastic, it
looks okay to me, the rest can be
your choice, you may like it in appearance,
but in terms of in-hand feel, it
definitely gives a little plastic feel.  If you
look at the paper weight, it is around 192 grams,
but it doesn't feel too heavy
because you get a big battery with it,
so I would say that the weight balance is
overall good here, but do remember that it is
definitely a big and wide phone, if
you have small hands, then you may definitely find it big and heavy
and there is
a bit of gloss around the camera model, so
fingerprint smears
start appearing quickly and
you will also start seeing scratches quickly if you
use it without a cover etc. By the way,
on the bottom side, those minor
scratches have already started appearing,
rest if you
like to watch such honest videos, then do
press the subscribe button and
share it with your friends, if you liked
this video, rest yes, if the back had a
completely matte finish, then it
could have been even better according to me, but
overall if we talk about things, the middle frame will be right here,
you get to see its plastic, by the way, it has an IP rating of
ip65, it is absolutely top notch  It is not the one that is expected
but yes, I have given it, okay, if it
was 68, it would have been fun, but the dual
studio speakers that are available inside it are quite loud, the
support for Atmos comes out, the
sound quality is excellent, but
yes, the vibration is also felt from the back, there is a
little gap here,
if you turn the volume to full or even at 80,
I felt the vibration inside it, but
I will keep this thing aside because the
haptics that are inside it, the vibration motor is
very strong, extremely strong, it is
doing a good implementation, by the way,
you also get IR blaster inside it,
so you can also make a remote control,
even the support for AFC is also available inside it,
so the package comes out to be very good in the basic things,
but
where do the problems start, what was its
strong point has now become a bit of a buggy point,
I am talking about the display, I
mean you must have seen 6000 nits pack
brightness etc. many things were coming,
LT PO etc. things were coming.  There, a lot of
bugs have come out now.
First of all, if you look at the specification wise, you will
find a big curved LT Po display with a resolution of 1.5K.
LT Po means that it keeps shifting from 1 Hz to
120 Hz, which
saves battery etc. But here, its biggest
bug has come out. I have noticed that
most of the time, this LT Po does
not work at all. I mean, the phone gets stuck at
120 Hz everywhere.
What happens is that the battery also drains a lot
very quickly and there are some things in the performance too, which
tells you that it is
120 Hz all the time, so if you do a little
bit of things, it starts getting a little warm. It does
not heat up, it starts getting warm.
That thing creates some problem here and
its biggest effect is on the battery.
Now, I do not know when this will be fixed
because sometimes it works well from 1 Hz to
120 Hz.
And sometimes it becomes completely useless, by the
way, if you put it aside, you will
see that the colors etc. come out well in it,
you can easily stream 4k ADR videos in it, the
overall quality comes out here in good quality, the rest of the
issue which is in low light is also
not found here, so the display
quality is good, the software has
defeated it a bit here, by the way,
on the front also you get the protection of Gorilla Glass Victus 2,
which
makes its display even better overall, there is an in-
display fingerprint scanner, it
unlocks quickly, there is no problem in
it, but the
things which are there, the bugs that are problematic, are
on the software side, so let's talk about that a little,
see, in this
realme3, the company has
also given a software promise of 3 to 4 years, hot apps or
hot games do not come, so its UI is on the cleaner side,
basic features
like a little customization etc., you
can do, if you want to make dual apps etc.,
lock the app, do call recording, then
for that you need to use their  You will have to download O Dialer,
apart from that you
also get a physical proximity sensor in it, but
yes, all the basic features are available, even
AI features like erasing the background in photo editing, they have
integrated AI etc. in their Notes application as well, and
some more
AI features are available here, that means they are not complete A
to Z ones, but yes,
some AI features which will be useful for your
work, you will definitely get them in it,
but as for the bugs I
told you, you also get a lot of them in it,
first of all, see, there is a bug related to LT PO, due to which the
battery gets
damaged a lot and sometimes I have
noticed that the animations in it are
sometimes not visible, that
means the animations are like this and sometimes if you use it, the
animations also disappear,
you will find some bugs here and there everywhere, even
I have seen that the
update or security patch is of August only,
till now it has
not come in the latest version here, so a little bit
Slow, this has already happened on the software side. I
hope it
gets the powerful processor of realme 3,
snap7 z3 as soon as possible, which is
equal to snap7 z3 on paper, if
you look at the scores etc., then it comes out fine here.
By the way, I have
noticed here that in the 3D benchmark, it
gives a stability score of 50 only. CPU throttling happened once or twice,
sometimes it also got throttled, but those
things are related to the software only
because in day to day use, like I am
using it normally, it runs smoothly, the
animation comes out very smooth in it,
it does not feel at all that there is an
under powered chipset or any
problem, it works faster in it
and when it does not do so due to a bug, it only
gives problems in animations etc.
Apart from that, there is no problem of it hanging or lagging anywhere, even
I
compared it with there  If you
see, the animations come out very smooth,
which works very well
and also gives you the feel of a
flagship smartphone, on the other hand, if you
go into a little heavy use, then BGA is
unlocked in 90fps in it and being unlocked does
not mean that it is only unlocked,
gaming is also very good in it,
I have seen playing games in it in a strong way,
around 80 805 apps, you
get 60fps very easily here, if you
do gaming, it gives it exactly and
gaming comes out very well even in 90 fps, there is
a little bit of hot drop, then
it goes down a little, that is a normal
thing but overall the gaming is very good
and the best thing I found is that it does
not overheat at all, it may
go 40 45 like this, it remains warm side
and by controlling it, its
big cooling chamber keeps it, so that the
performance is completely maintained here
and by the way yes  4.0
storage is also there, so the read and write speed is
good, which makes it a completely good
package performance,
that's why I am saying do
n't buy the 100 28gb one, there is slower storage there which is
ufs3.0 because you can't even put an SD card
inside it, by the way yes normal I
also tested 5g etc. well you will get
5g network, you will also get 4g network
and wifi network is also
coming in a strong way, so there is no issue in network connectivity,
by the way I would like to ask you one thing,
do you think that the company
makes people crazy with 5g unlimited because
I have seen that even when 5g comes,
sometimes a message comes that your data is going to
end, brother 5g is coming, then
how does it end and I do
n't understand this thing at all, what do
you think, definitely tell me by commenting
because friend the battery is a
shocking thing here, look there is definitely a 5500 AA
battery and  I will give you two
statistics, look at the status of both the same devices, on
one side you will see 9 hours of battery
backup, on the other side you will see 4 to 5 hours of battery backup and
during my usage
here the battery
backup has fluctuated and I feel that this
mostly happens because of the LTPO bug, that
means if this LTPO
display works well then the
optimization is strong, you can get up to 9 hours of
battery backup in it, if it doesn't
then the battery can drain very quickly within 4 to 5
hours,
you have to pay a little attention to this thing, this
LTP bug is very dangerous, by the way the
charging which is available is of 120 watts, it
fully charges your phone within 30 minutes brother
and after full charging, it
comes to the camera, you will get a 15 megapixel
main sensor, along with OVA
you will get 8 megapixel ultra wide
and there is a 32 megapixel
selfie camera in it, 4K from the back camera
You can record videos up to 60fps, the
stability is good, details etc. also come out well in it
and it
manages colours etc. well here, there is no
issue to that much. By the way, the selfie
camera is up to 4k 30fps, here also you will
see the stability which is decent but
overall if you shoot in daylight, then
it will take good videos here. On the
other hand, when you talk about the 8 megapixel
main sensor, the colours etc. are
not that good but it will manage if
you want to click photos etc. in daylight, it will do. By the way, it is
not that good for low light or low lighting conditions, but
when it comes to the main sensor, look,
I have noticed one thing, if you seriously
click photos etc. in daylight, the
colours are very good,
it handles details very well here, there is not much
issue of HDR in it,
even the edge direction of portrait mode is
also good, you will find it
good here in daylight.  There, if you go to an artificial lighting environment in low
light or dim lighting, you will
notice that the contrast tone
increases, over-contrast images come out here,
details are
not maintained well here.
Recently, I have noticed this thing
even more after the latest update that the
details are not that good in artificial lighting.
You will see a little over-contrast issue on my beard and less
details, otherwise the
edge ejection etc. of portrait mode is fine or there is no
problem in ADR in it.
In low light, I think there is a
need for a lot of improvement here.
You will find similar thing in the selfie camera as well.
See, in daylight, you get excellent photos, the
ADR management is excellent,
you also get good details here
and the edge ejection of portrait mode is also good.
I am talking about daylight. If
you go into a little artificial low lighting,
then the opposite happens there, the
details reduce well.  Here it is
not able to capture, the details are not
that much and I have noticed this thing
a lot after the latest update that the
camera has been downgraded a lot,
earlier
its cameras were much better, in
comparison to now, in low light, whether it is the back camera
or the selfie camera,
it is not working that well here, which I
mean, the camera will have to be updated and made better,
but is it still the same to
take, look as you must have
understood clearly, if your camera is your top
priority, then it will not be that good,
but apart from the camera, you
can compromise a little bit in the camera,
apart from that if you look at everything, then overall it
turns out to be excellent, if they leave the LT PO
bug, fix it
and fix the camera, then the overall package
deal will be very good, but when will it be
fixed because it has been a
long time since the update etc. has not come, if it is
running on its security patch, yes, on
which path